Just twenty minutes till
the Cell Games commence;
when the fate of the world
becomes anyone's guess...
Understandably there are
no spectators in sight,
as few wish to be
caught in the crossfire.
I trust our viewers can
see that Cell is standing
virtually motionless in
the center of the ring.
Illustrious champion
for humankind Hercule,
who has vowed to
thwart this evil menace,
is still nowhere in sight.
Huh?
Wait! I can see a car!
There can be no mistake,
ladies and gentlemen!
Hercule has arrived
on the scene!
Yeeeah!
[Announcer] True to form,
he's facing the camera
and raising his fist
skyward, as if to say:
"Worry not! Earth's
defender is here!"
[Hercule] Hmm.
[Hercule grunts,
gives a raspberry]
Wow! Unbelievable...!
He's just given his
opponent a thumbs down!
If there are limits
to the man's daring,
we've yet to see them!
Wait! Does Cell appear
to be crestfallen...?!
If you ask me, I think
the sight of the world's
strongest man has given
him food for thought!
Seriously...?
This is hilarious.
Aah! Just fifteen minutes
shy of the tournament now,
ladies and gentlemen!
Tensions run high...
Cell versus Hercule, in the
match of the millennium!
The mighty Hercule moves in
with his trademark swagger...
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Roshi sips]
[Announcer]
Incredible!
Hercule has officially
set foot in the ring!
Twelve minutes to go before
the games begin in earnest,
but our hero's raring
to get things underway!
Just what you'd expect
from humanity's champion!
Ah! He's motioning to us...
Perhaps a signal to
move in closer...?
[Hercule] Mm hmm.
Uh... Well...
We... Uh... Um...
Yes! As all brave men...
we'll answer the call!
Journalism will not falter!
A hero of this caliber
deserves to be seen up close!
And with Hercule
taking charge of things,
I doubt any danger will
befall the likes of us...
I humbly urge our
viewers to take note
of what is certain to
become an iconic image:
an intrepid reporter rushing
toward an intrepid warrior,
to the very ring
where the latter stands
boldly poised
to save the world!
[Announcer]
So, um... Do you wish for us
to step into the ring
as well, Hercule, or...?
Don't worry, little man...
I'll protect you.
[Announcer]
Okay then...
Ah... Care to let us know
what's going through
that brave mind? I assume
you're feeling confident!
What I'm feeling right now
is pity for this creep Cell.
I don't think he's counting
on having to go toe to toe
with the toughest customer
this planet has to offer.
And I gotta say,
running his mouth off
the way he's been doing...
This situation's gone past
what you might call diplomacy.
[Crowd cheers]
This wuss doesn't fool me...
I see through your tricks
like I'm looking through glass!
And you got the whole
world out there believing
you took down the Royal
Army single-handedly...
Well, I got news for you, pal;
that smoke-and-mirrors stuff
ain't gonna razzle-dazzle me!
I think he's pretending
not to hear you.
[Hercule chuckles]
Or he's clamming up
so we don't hear
the quakin' in his voice.
[Announcer
laughs derisively]
Aw, the poor baby not
want to seem scared?
Blaaaaah!
Maybe he needs to be changed!
[Hercule laughs]
[Crowd cheers]
[Roshi] Eh... Is it
bad that I don't care
if this ham-hock gets beaten?
[Hercule laughs]
Whatcha gonna do? Oooh!
Uh-- Uh?
Ah... What in the...?!
Hm? What you lookin' at, chief?
[flying noise]
[Announcer]
What exactly is that?!
ll] Vegeta. So glad you
fit to make an appearance.
Hope you know
what you're in for.
Ah...
[Announcer] Uh, it seems...
a bizarre-looking
man has joined us.
Uh... Unless my
eyes deceive me,
it's as though he
fell from the sky...!
Eh, just a trick.
This is incredible...
Could it be this man
is here to take part
in the tournament?!
Let's ask him...
Excuse me, sir...
Do you mind if I trouble
you for a name...?
And if I may say so,
you've picked
a very dangerous spot
to stand and watch...
Get lost...
I didn't come here to
do some lame interview.
Uh...
[Announcer stammers]
Not to judge, but
that man seems to be
a bit of a head case...
I mean, look at his hair.
[Hercule sighs]
Trust me, crazies like him
are only good for
getting in the way.
Mmm...
[Announcer]
Alright! In just five minutes,
with all eyes on this ring,
the Cell Games to decide the
fate of the world will begin!
As predicted, the only
man able to answer
the challenge is none
other than Hercule!
Of course, that's a
comforting thought.
After all... This...
the paragon of pluck,
this colossus of combat...
is all the bailout we need!
[flying noise]
[Announcer] Eh?
[Hercule] Hm? What the--
Where... where are these
people coming from?
I told you, it's all
sleight of hand.
Oh, sixteen too?
This is quite a surprise.
So you, uh, still exist...
Heh... Interesting.
As is the shape you're in.
[Vegeta] Only Bulma and her
father are clever enough
to have refurbished an
android... Meddling fools.
Cell addressed the newcomer,
but I didn't catch
what he said...
Is it possible that he
knows him from somewhere?
So what? Let 'em trade recipes
and knitting patterns
for all I care.
Ah, the one I've
been waiting for...
He's decided to
come... Excellent.
[Cell chuckles]
Look... Up there...
More of them!
[Hercule] Wh--?
[flying noise]
There they are...
I can see them.
'Kay... Let's do it!
[flying noise]
[Vegeta] Tch.
The rank and file.
I don't... I don't
believe this; people are
dropping out of the sky
like meteorites!
Uh... Pretty
popular trick, huh?
Betcha I could do it better...
Impressive...
Welcome, gentlemen.
Huh?
Hey, get a load of you!
They did a nice job!
You have my gratitude...
For all that you have done...
Without your intervention,
I would not have been fixed.
[Krillin laughs]
Yeah, well... You're welcome.
Best of luck to you, friend.
Huh?
I cannot accept that...
I was built for the sole
purpose of destroying you...
You would be wise
to remember it.
Uh...
Wow, this guy's kind
of a downer, isn't he?
[Krillin] Uh...
They're hogging up
my spotlight...
Alright then...
I think I'd like to take
our friend on myself first...
Is that okay?
There's no reason we need
to come out blazing, is there?
Well, what do you
think? Huh, Vegeta?
Do what you want...
Just bear in mind
that I'll be the one
who finishes the job.
[Hercule sputters]
Hey! What do you think
gives you the right
to decide who goes first?!
Um, pardon me...
Are you fine people, uh...
taking part in the Cell
Games by any chance?
That's right... Well,
not all of us, though.
Argh! Enough of
this messing around!
This ain't no jungle
gym out here!
Y'all got no idea what kind
of pile you're stepping into!
Oh, and I guess you're here
to tell us all about it...
[Hercule gasps]
Not only is the
man addressing you
in a class all by
himself as fighters go...
His skills are legendary!
He's the world's only hope!
[Goku] Huh?
Goku... What do you think?
Should we let Mr.
Eager step up first?
Uh... Don't know about that.
It's time.
[wind whistling]
I don't care who's up...
Let's begin.
I'm calling first dibs...
That's how it's gonna be.
There's no point trying to
talk him out of it, Goku.
Neither one of 'em
will listen to reason.
I gotta say something...
Hey, if you want to go
first, I won't stop you;
but you ought to know
you'll be crushed.
--Hm?
[Announcer and Hercule smirk]
Are you seeing this...?
Go in tight on that
doofus over there.
[Announcer] One can almost
hear the chorus of groans
bound to be spanning the globe
at this nay-sayer's jab:
a sad, misinformed soul with
no idea whom he's addressing.
"If you want to pit
yourself against Cell,"
says the cocky upstart,
"be prepared to get
trampled underfoot
like an insect mound."
The nerve!
[Crowd boos]
[Announcer] People like
this are the reason
amateurs cannot be
taken seriously...
Despite having the
situation made plain,
they still mock Hercule!
Wow... Some people
just don't know
how not to make
fools of themselves.
That... That man...
No, impossible... Or is it?
His hair's different,
but apart from that,
he's the spitting image
of the boy who saved us
from Piccolo all
those years ago.
Hmm...
Hold on a minute.
His eyes don't look
right to me somehow...
Maybe it's not him...
The man we saw earlier
concerns me, though.
There, look...
No... surely it's not...
I mean, what would
Piccolo be doing there?
Hey, if he's itchin' to
make a spectacle of himself,
then let him...
Worse comes to worse,
we can always wish him
back with the Dragon Balls.
Mm... Yeah, you're right,
Krillin. What's the use?
[Announcer] Aha!
Looks like the hecklers
have done some growing up...
Perhaps there's hope
for the younger
generations yet...
It takes a man to know
when to step aside...
And these fellows have stepped.
A passing nuisance to
our hero, to be sure,
but as the games begin,
Hercule appears to have
regained his composure.
[Pupils]
One moment please, master!
Ah! What's this...?
Oh, great... Now what?
Hm!
[Caroni and Priozhki grunt]
Ah!
An unexpected turn as a trio
of strangers lands in the ring!
Who could this
enigmatic troop be?
Beauty personified...
Caroni the Swift!
[Pirozhki]
World-class strongman,
Pirozhki the Mighty!
These are, uh...
acquaintances of Hercule,
I believe... I hope...
[Piiza] Allow me to explain...
[Announcer] Hm?
These gentleman here
are Hercule's pupils,
and after him, undoubtedly
the toughest, grittiest,
most fleet-footed pair
in all of creation...
Understudy one... and of
course, understudy two.
Oho...! That is good!
And I am his gorgeous
manager, Miss Piiza.
Mwah!
Master... Let us
handle this freak...
No need to sully your
hands on a wannabe.
Yeah... Good point.
He's all yours!
[Announcer] Wow! Another
stunning turnabout!
Oh, man...
This is just wrong.
[Announcer] Aaaand...
The Cell Games,
on which the fortunes
of mankind rest,
have officially begun!
The rules are simple:
fall out of the ring, you lose.
Surrender, you lose.
Fall unconscious, you lose.
Don't be afraid...
There, there; I promise...
You'll hardly feel a thing.
Beautiful... Rose...
Flying... Attack!!!
Unbelievable!
One shot and we're done.
Wah..!
Waaahhh!
Ahhhhh!
[Piiza shrieks]
[Announcer] Aah!
[Caroni mutters]
Oh... Oh, dear... This is...
Well, I don't know
exactly what...
Uh... I think he just jumped
a little bit too high...
[Announcer laughs nervously]
[Pirozhki] My turn...
I will squash Cell to paste!
[Pirozhki growls]
[Pirozhki grunts]
[Announcer] What
tremendous power!
[Pirozhki] Aahh...
[Pirozhki swallows]
What humbling
muscular fortitude!
Pirozhki's good...
He won't slip up
and knock himself
out like Caroni.
[Pirozhki shouts]
[Pirozhki grunts]
[Pirozhki yells]
Wow...! Pi... Pirozhki
makes a mad dash...!
[Pirozhki yells]
[Pirozhki groans]
[Pirozhki struggles]
I give up...
[Pirozhki cries out]
[Announcer gasps]
[Pirozhki shudders]
Again, I don't think I can
describe what I just saw!
Sleight of hand.
The two-bit coward's
rigged the whole arena
with cheap parlor tricks...
Just like a chump.
But I'm gonna
expose this wise-guy
for the charlatan he is!
[Announcer] Here we go,
folks! Seething with rage
on behalf of his
hoodwinked understudies,
Hercule again enters the ring!
He sheds his cape...
[Hercule] Hmph!
[Announcer] He removes
the world championship
belt from his waist!
[Crowd cheers]
[Announcer] The moment we've
been waiting for has come!
Hercule is ready
for a smack-down!
Yes, I've said it many times,
but it bears repeating...
The future of the world
rests on the outcome
of the battle
we're about to see,
but take heart, viewers,
in the knowledge that Hercule
has been looking forward
to this day with gusto!
What's this? Our hero's
removed something
from his breast pocket...
It appears to be some sort of
capsule. Yes, a capsule...
As if by magic, an
enormous bag has emerged
from the casing...
Now, what's inside?
Roofing tiles! That's right:
tiles for roofing!
Fascinating; he's now
carefully stacking the tiles.
Ugh...
You, uh... don't think he's...?
[Announcer]
There are... fifteen!
An unbelievable fifteen!
Mere mortals would
be reckless to attempt
what I think he's about to do!
[Hercule chuckles]
[Hercule chants]
[Announcer]
He gathers his focus...
rallying all his strength
to the task at hand...
A pregnant silence
falls over the ring...
[Crowd chatters]
[Hercule grunts, yells]
[Announcer]
Only one tile remains!!
Such a feat completely
bedevils this reporter's
considerable powers
of description!
Fourteen roofing tiles
pulverized beyond recognition!
[Hercule exhales]
[Hercule] Ooh... that
smarts... hold it together...
[Hercule roars]
[Crowd cheers]
[Man in crowd]
Hercule is the man!!
[groans of disbelief]
[Hercule roars]
[Cell] You cannot be serious.
Hey! Take a good, hard look
at what's left of
these tiles, pal!
Hm!
Cause brother...
In one minute...
This is gonna be you.
[Crowd]
Hercule! Hercule! Hercule!
[Announcer]
Despite his previous boasts,
it appears Cell is now
stunned into silence,
no doubt awash with terror at
Hercule's staggering display!
But as our champion
observed earlier...
All hope for diplomacy has
long flown out the window!
Let's dance!
Ah! Here we go!
Hercule has assumed
his signature stance!
The world is about to
witness its foremost fighter
do what he does best:
take out the trash!
The villainous poseur
will be hit hard
by the iron-clad
hand of justice!
[Crowd]
Hercule! Hercule! Hercule!
[Announcer] One almost
hopes Cell has enough sense
to forfeit the match
for his own sake...
[Hercule yells]
[Announcer] Aaand there it is,
ladies and gentlemen!
Hercule leads off with
his infamous Dynamite Kick!
He's come roaring out
of the gate at full steam!
The fight is over
before it's begun!
[Hercule yells]
[Announcer] Inconceivable!
His fury unappeased,
Hercule lets loose a
merciless volley of blows!
[Hercule grunts repeatedly]
[Announcer] Cell is
paralyzed by the onslaught!
Utterly locked up;
Hercule's inhuman strength
an avalanche against which
evil can find no shelter!
[Hercule laughs
triumphantly]
[Cell] Enough.
[Hercule howls]
Huh?
[Krillin chuckles]
That's how she crumbles...
I mean c'mon,
were any of us not rooting
for Cell just now?
[Hercule shudders]
Tch. He's in one piece...
Apparently, Cell has
a bit of a soft spot
for fools and show-offs.
[scattered reactions
of disbelief]
Our hero has landed
outside the ring...
As per... the game's rules...
our Hercule has lost.
Well... That's quite enough
lenience for one day...
Time for this to kick off...
Who wishes to be first?
Any of you are welcome.
[Goku] Thanks for waiting.
Now, let's go.
[Narrator] At last,
the curtain rises
on what promises to be
the ultimate showdown:
Goku versus Cell.
Their clash begins,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Bring it on, Cell!
[Trunks] I have a feeling
we're about to find out
why Goku's been
so laid back...
[Hercule] Laid back?
He's about to get laid out!
[Goku] Okay, he's kind
of stronger than I
was ready for, but you
know what? That's fine.
All my best fights
start out this way.
Wow. Looks like I'm
going to have to try
something new on this
guy if I expect to win...